Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#265)
carpentries/glosario: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Editor

- 

> <!--Assign the PR based on the language to the correct editor(s):

Author: ```suggestion
<!--Assign the PR based on the language by tagging the correct editor(s) from this table:
```
